CMake: update porting guide after target refactor (#1424)
ARMmbed/Handbook: docs/porting/target/cmake.md

## Mbed targets CMake input file structure

> We still support mbed-cli 1 and its requirements for the folders naming. To stay backward compatible, we still use the same naming even with CMake.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we are still supporting Mbed CLI 1, we have maintained the directory naming scheme that use prefixes (`FEATURE_`, `COMPONENT_`, `TARGET_`).
```

> Each Mbed OS target should be prefixed with `mbed-`. We translate automatically Mbed OS target names from targets.json to CMake targets. A target from targets.json named `CYSBSYSKIT_01` has CMake target `mbed-cysbsyskit-01`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every Mbed CMake target should be prefixed with `mbed-`. Mbed boards listed in `targets.json` are translated in CMake to add the prefix and replace `_` with `-`. For example, the Mbed board `CYSBSYSKIT_01` is represented by the CMake target `mbed-cysbsyskit-01`.
```

### Vendor selection

> Vendor selection is handled in [`targets/CMakeLists.txt`](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os/blob/master/targets/CMakeLists.txt). The matching directory is added to directories to build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vendor selection is handled in [`targets/CMakeLists.txt`](../../targets/CMakeLists.txt). A subdirectory is added to the build if one of the CMake targets it contains is referenced.
```

Author: `../../targets/CMakeLists.txt` is this valid url (does this work within docs) ?

Reviewer: Try you will see. It's a relative link.

Reviewer: No it will not. I thought this file was in Mbed OS.

Author: I'll keep it as it is.

This is documentation (one of the things we will consolidate one day to keep code and docs in one place).

Reviewer: There is a suggestion for the second sentence `A subdirectory is added to the build if one of the CMake targets it contains is referenced.`

Author: Fixing now

e.g

```
add_subdirectory(TARGET_Cypress EXCLUDE_FROM_ALL)
```

### MCU family targets

`targets/TARGET_<VENDOR_NAME>` usually contains different MCU or Mbed target families. The structure of the vendor directory is up to the vendor but it is preferable that it has logical separations.
For example, the content of `targets/TARGET_Cypress/TARGET_PSOC6` can be listed as follows:

```
add_subdirectory(COMPONENT_SCL EXCLUDE_FROM_ALL)

add_subdirectory(COMPONENT_WHD EXCLUDE_FROM_ALL)
add_subdirectory(common/COMPONENT_WHD EXCLUDE_FROM_ALL)

add_subdirectory(TARGET_CY8CKIT064B0S2_4343W EXCLUDE_FROM_ALL)
add_subdirectory(TARGET_CY8CKIT_062S2_43012 EXCLUDE_FROM_ALL)
...

add_library(mbed-psoc6 INTERFACE)

> # Add the include directories accessible from this directory that are not specific to an MCU family or Mbed target

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Add the include directories accessible from this directory that are specific to this MCU family or Mbed target
```

target_include_directories(mbed-psoc6
    INTERFACE
        ...
)

> # Add the source files accessible from this directory that are not specific to an MCU family or Mbed target

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Add the source files accessible from this directory that are specific to this MCU family or Mbed target
```

target_sources(mbed-psoc6
    INTERFACE
        ...
)
```

> The board target can link to `mbed-psoc6`. Let's take `mbed-cysbsyskit-01` target:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The board CMake targets should link to `mbed-psoc6`:
```

```
add_library(mbed-cysbsyskit-01 INTERFACE)

target_include_directories(mbed-cysbsyskit-01
    INTERFACE

>         .
>         device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ...
```

)

target_sources(mbed-cysbsyskit-01
    INTERFACE

>         PeripheralPins.c
>         cybsp.c

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ...
```

)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Other libraries that the Mbed board depends on
```

target_link_libraries(mbed-cysbsyskit-01
    INTERFACE
        mbed-cat1a
        mbed-cysbsyskit-01-cm4
        mbed-cysbsyskit-01-bsp-design-modus
        mbed-psoc6
        mbed-cy-psoc6-scl
)

target_compile_definitions(mbed-cysbsyskit-01
    INTERFACE
        "CY8C624AFNI_S2D43F"
)

mbed_post_build_psoc6_merge_hex("CYSBSYSKIT_01")
```

> ## Add target's CMakeLists.txt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Add Mbed board CMake input source file
```
